[Rosetta] Update Rosetta ADR with last design changes. (#8175)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/architecture/adr-035-rosetta-api-support.md

// And we repeat for all the methods defined in the interface.
```

The NodeClient represents a client that talks with the node, normally this is different on every cosmos-sdk. We already provide
an implementation for it.

```golang
// NodeClient defines the interface

> // a client has to implement in order to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// a client must implement in order to
```

> // interact with cosmos-sdk chains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// interact with the client application.
```

   // Mempool returns the list of the current non confirmed transactions
   Mempool(ctx context.Context) ([]*types.TransactionIdentifier, error)
   // Peers gets the peers currently connected to the node
   Peers(ctx context.Context) ([]*types.Peer, error)
   // Status returns the node status, such as sync data, version etc
   Status(ctx context.Context) (*types.SyncStatus, error)

	PostTx(txBytes []byte) (res *types.TransactionIdentifier, meta map[string]interface{}, err error)
	SignedTx(ctx context.Context, txBytes []byte, sigs []*types.Signature) (signedTxBytes []byte, err error)
	TxOperationsAndSignersAccountIdentifiers(signed bool, hexBytes []byte) (ops []*types.Operation, signers []*types.AccountIdentifier, err error)
	ConstructionMetadataFromOptions(ctx context.Context, options map[string]interface{}) (meta map[string]interface{}, err error)
	ConstructionPayload(ctx context.Context, req *types.ConstructionPayloadsRequest) (resp *types.ConstructionPayloadsResponse, err error)
	PreprocessOperationsToOptions(ctx context.Context, req *types.ConstructionPreprocessRequest) (options map[string]interface{}, err error)
	SupportedOperations() []string
}
```

> A developer that wants to support their custom messages in order to be parsed and constructed by the Rosetta API must implement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers that want their application-specific messages to be supported and dealt with by the Rosetta API must implement
```

> the following interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following interface:
```

```golang

> // Msg interface is the interface that Cosmos SDK messages should implement if they want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Msg defines the methods that must be implemented by client application-specific messages to be supported by the Rosetta API service.
```

> // be supported by the Rosetta service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

type Msg interface {
   ToOperations(withStatus bool, hasError bool) []*types.Operation
   FromOperations(ops []*types.Operation) (sdk.Msg, error)
}
```

> To get an idea how a message implementing this interface looks you can take a look at MsgSend from bank module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MsgSend` provided by the `bank` module could serve as an example.
```

using this code as reference.

```golang

> // NewNetwork builds a rosetta gateway network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// NewNetwork returns a rosetta gateway network type instance.
```

func NewNetwork(networkIdentifier *types.NetworkIdentifier, adapter crg.Adapter, client NodeClient) service.Network {
   return service.Network{
      Properties: crg.NetworkProperties{
         Blockchain:          networkIdentifier.Blockchain,
         Network:             networkIdentifier.Network,
         AddrPrefix:          sdk.GetConfig().GetBech32AccountAddrPrefix(), // since we're inside cosmos sdk the config is supposed to be sealed
         SupportedOperations: client.SupportedOperations(),
      },
      Adapter: adapter,
   }
}
```

#### Extending Custom Messages

> We assumed that every sdk.Msg will have a 1 to many relation with Rosetta operations, meaning that every sdk.Message that implements

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Each `sdk.Msg` has a 1:1 relation with a Rosetta API operation. As a consequence of that, messages that implement
the `rosetta.Msg` interface will be handled automatically by the Rosetta API service.
```

> the rosetta.Msg will be parsed and be able to be used via Rosetta API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Once this message is registered in the Interface registry it will be automatically part of the Rosetta API engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all application messages are registered in the Interface registry, they will be automatically handled by the Cosmos SDK Rosetta API compatibility layer.
```
